I was recently invited to attend a Microsoft Convention. This was based on Microsoft’s effort to strengthen their approach to assist various environmental matters. They gave specific focus to the recycling topic and from what they presented I was very happy with their suggested approach. Many of the attendees were assured and very confident that from what was suggested that Microsoft was definitely playing a very strong role in their effort to escalate a positive recycling agenda within their organisation. 
Top delegates from Facebook finally accepted to speak to our campaign. We were really excited and only too happy to take the opportunity to meet with them in their New York headquarters to discuss how the company was going to implement improved local policy with a view to reducing the company’s carbon footprint. We were very impressed with the courtesy that was extended. However during and after the meeting we felt that it had been a waste of time. What they suggested was already implemented by a broad range of entities and seems to be only a very basic approach. We left feeling very displeased and morose. It is very easy to see that there was ample opportunity for Facebook to improve their carbon footprint agenda.
Being an environmental correspondent for our local paper I recently read an article on IBM’s approach to green energy. The article would suggest that the company’s approach is very positive. However, some details of the news item seem to have conflicting both positive and negative positions. So I decided to give them a call to get clarification. The company’s spokesperson on the other end of the call was very professional and explained any inconsistency I had with the article. However, I got the sense that I was being coerced by the call into being assured that the company has a strong campaign going forward with their approach towards green energy. I was really impressed by the article I read and the suggested positive attitude given over the phone call. However,  in my opinion has the cliché goes “Actions are louder than words” and if IBM fully follow through  with what they have down on paper it will display a strong positive stance for their green energy campaign. For the next couple of months I will monitor the situation and will hold an impartial view. What IBM do next in their green energy agenda will allow me to determine and decide if IBM have a positive or negative position.